Select Features
Select the accessibility features that your app supports. To consider a feature supported, users should be able to complete your app's common tasks using that feature on iPhone. Learn More About Common Tasks


VoiceOver
Using Apple's VoiceOver screen reader, users can navigate an app's interface without needing to see the screen. Many people who are blind or have low vision use VoiceOver to understand and control apps.


Voice Control
Using Apple's Voice Control feature, users with reduced mobility or dexterity can navigate an app's interface using only their voice. When looking at the screen, they can use commands like "tap", "click", or "swipe" to interact with on-screen elements.


Larger Text
Users can adjust the size of text and icons to make them more legible, visible, and comfortable to read.


Dark Interface
Users with light sensitivity can maintain a dark user interface for the common tasks of the app to reduce eye pain or discomfort.


Differentiate Without Color Alone
Users shouldn't have to rely on color to distinguish different selection states or values in an app. Instead, apps should use additional methods beyond color, such as text labels or icons, to convey information to users with common forms of color blindness.


Sufficient Contrast
Users can increase or adjust the contrast between text or iconography and the background, improving readability. Sufficient contrast helps users whose vision is reduced due to a disability or situational impairment (e.g. bright sunlight).


Reduced Motion
Motion can enrich app experience, but certain types of motion, such as scaling, spinning, or peripheral motion, cause dizziness or nausea for people with vestibular motion sensitivity. If your app includes these motion triggers, make them optional or provide alternative animations.


Captions
Captions are usually time-synchronized text alternatives for dialogue and relevant sounds in videos or some forms of audio-only content. Captions are a necessary accommodation for the Deaf and hard of hearing communities. They're also used by the hearing community in many situations.


Audio Descriptions
Audio descriptions are additional dialogue, interspersed between natural pauses in the main audio of a program or interstitial content, that describe to viewers who are blind or low vision what's happening on-screen during time-based visual content.